Add section on documentation (#19)
octoenergy/styleguide: python.md

```

You get the idea.

## Documentation

> ### READMEs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Domain package READMEs
```

This section probably belongs in the "General Python" section, next to the existing note on docstrings.

> Each directory within the domain layer should be modular and intuitive to use. A README can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each package within the domain layer should be well structured and intuitive to use. A README can 
```

> optionally be placed in the root module directory and should detail specifics such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
optionally be placed in the package directory and should detail specifics such as:
```

> - How is this module laid out?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How is this package laid out?
```

- How might someone use it?
- What are the use cases?
- How to extend behaviour (e.g. adding a new flow handler)

> - Who to contact if you run into errors

Reviewer 2: I don't think we should be including names of particular developers in the code base. That kind of thing gets out of date. If we want to do something like that, it might make more sense to have it in a google doc.

### Docstrings

> Important classes and modules which are intended to be used throughout the whole codebase

Reviewer: I'm not convinced we need this section - I think the gist could be captured with an extra sentence in the existing section on docstrings and comments.

Plus, do we really want to suggest such a verbose docstring template - seem OTT to me. Is there an example of a docstring like this already?

> Important classes and modules which are intended to be used throughout the whole codebase

Author: @seddonym I agree with you, a lot of small functions wouldn't need documenting, I can make that clearer.

@codeinthehole Most of the sections are suggested, but it was more a way of having a defined layout. I tried to ask questions that could help peopler structure their code more cleanly.
